
1) Software :-   A software is a collection of multiple computer programms and some data that are used to perform a task is called a software or software                                  Application.

Types of softwares :-  There are 3 types of softwares ---  1. System software    2. Programming software   3. Application software.

     System software :-   System software helps us to run the computer's Hardware and system resources. This type of softwares are act as a bridge between                                             the hardware and the user applications.
                                          EX :-  Device drivers , Operting systems , servers and Utlities etc.

     Programming software :-  Programming software are the software Mainly used by the Developers or programmers helps to create another software.
                                                      EX :-   Compliers, Debuggers , interpeter etc       

     Application software :-   Application software is a software used by End users to perform a certain task.
                                                    EX :-   WebApplication , Desktop Application and Mobile Application etc.      

2) Software Quality :-   Software Quality means How well a software product meets user requirements and expectations. The software product need to be 
                                        Bug-free , Delivered on time , with in the budget and Maintainable.

3) Software Testing :-   Software Testing is the combination of verification and validation
                                       Verification is the process to check wheather the developing product is right or not
                                       Validation is the process of to check wheather the developed product is right or not

4) Project vs product :-   Project is an software Application which is developed for a specific customer based upon his requirements is called a project
                                          product is an software Application which is developed for multiple customer based upon market requirements is called a product

5) Why do we need testing :-   We need testing because of to deliver the Quality product to the customer.

6) Error / bug / failure :- 
     Error or Mistake :-  An incorrect action that made by a human that cause a problem in the Application is called an Error.
     Bug or defect or issue :- if there is a deviation between the actual result and expected result then it is called a bug.
     Failure :-  if the customer or EndUser identifies the defect in the Application then it is consider as a Failure

7) Why a software has a bugs :-   A software has a bugs because of Miscommunication , software complexity , error made by the developers , Continuous 
                                                        changing in the user requirements , Errors made by testers and Unclear of user requirements.

This is First change done in github only
                                  
                                        
                                
